In this video, we'll cover
the order history front end.
We'll learn how to pass the access token.
So with our order history, the REST API
for slash API orders is secured on the back end.
So now we need to update the Angular app
to pass the access token.
And we saw this in the previous video
where we tried to get a list of orders
and we simply got an empty list,
or actually there was an error behind the scenes,
so we were actually logged in,
but our application was not passing
our access token to the backend.
As a result, the backend denied our request for data,
because it's secured now and we have to provide
proper access to get into that given backend.
All right, so we know what we need to do, right?
We need to send the access token.
So our client's going to send the access token
as an HTTP request header.
All right, and we saw this diagram a little earlier.
We're passing them this request, the request header body.
So in the request header,
we're going to add authorization bearer
and give the actual value of our token.
And we'll retrieve the value
of the access token from our auth service.
Now let's kind of look at this as far as the whole diagram.
So we saw this sequence diagram before,
but notice here near the bottom
we have the section here for sending access token.
Our client application, we need to update
our client app or our Angular app
to actually send that access token
when we make a call to the backend,
because right now in the backend,
that API is secured.
Okay, so Angular interceptors.
So Angular provides a support for interceptors.
So an interceptor can intercept the HTTP requests
and responses, and you can use it to perform
processing on the HTTP request responses.
So here's a little diagram.
So I have my Angular code over on the left hand side,
my REST API on the backend.
They're communicating left and right.
Then we have this HTTP client that we use
to handle the communication for us.
And then we can add in an interceptor.
So the interceptor can take our HP requests
and perform some additional processing on it.
And in fact, you can actually have multiple interceptors.
So you can have zero to many interceptors.
And so, depending on their functionality or whatever,
each interceptor will be called in line
before it actually makes it out to the REST API.
And so you may wonder how we use Angular interceptors.
Well, we'll use an interceptor to pass
the access token in the HTTP request.
So here's our client application, our Angular app.
We're going to make a call to the spring boot backend.
Our Angular app makes use of the HTTP client,
and also the interceptor.
So the interceptor will basically take that request
and we'll use that to add the access token.
So remember the idea of adding the access token
is that we'll set up this request header,
authorization bearer,
and then we give the actual value of the access token.
So here's our development process.
So in our first step, we're going to create an interceptor.
And then in the second step
we're going to update the app module TS
to reference our new interceptor.
For creating the interceptor we'll actually define it
as an Angular service.
So we can generate this service
by making use of the Angular CLI.
So NG generate service, services slash auth interceptor.